Greetings m'lord, to tavern for a feast we're venturing? Are we? 
   
- Indeed, what is it to you? 
- Maybe, but it is none of your business.

I have seen what is happening in the tavern, lord is feasting with his servants. What they will be doing, that I don't know, but i'm sure something wrong is happening, and my feelings never let me down m'lord.", "Zadanie1Chlop2Gracz1", []],
   
- Do you know anything else of interest?
- Thanks for information, farewell.

I shall be careful, take a talar for your help. -> I shall be on guard, take a talar, a good advice and warring is always worth its price.", "Zadanie1Chlop1Podziekowanie", []],
(Opcja wybierana w dialogu)               (Opcja wyœwietlana)
   
- Do you know anything else of interest?
   
From tavern they threw all the peasants out... Shame about the booze. A Russian is leading them, from what I heard.

- Thank you for the information.
- I shall be careful, take a talar for your help. -> I shall be on guard, take a talar, a good advice and warring is always worth its price.
   
Ah, honest man you are, Lord shall reward you with many sons!
   

   
Dialog z Potockim w karczmie:
I thank you for saving me, whom shall I be thankful then...
   
I am {playername}.
My name shall not tell you much, I am {playername}.
   
You have not heard it yet, but you shall hear of me more.


You have not heard of my name I suppose, but shall shall hear more of it in the future. I am{playername}.
   
Story worthy of a great person, well done.
   

I shall remember your name, I am certain that you shall be famous one day.

I thank you, take this pouch as a sign of my gratitude.

   I cannot accept it. -> I cannot accept it, I have not done it for privileges nor for glory.
   
Still honor is at a equal with your bravery, I hope that once I will be able
to pay you back in a adequate way. 


I will accept your gift.
   
You see my noble lord, I only travel with my daughter, dangerous roads... help us get to Krakow, I will have something to pay you back with then.

   One more thing, what has happened to the leader of the bandit mob?

   
  He is my prisoner for now, I shall escort him to the nearest prison.
  He's body is laying in the courtyard, just like the rest of his companions.

   
You see, he was an agent, a Russian spy, I have no doubts about that. 

He was sent to kidnap me. I have not introduced myself yet, my name is Jan Alojzy Potocki, I travel with my daughter from Vienna, I have been on confidential diplomatic mission there.

{s0}= Pass him over to me, he possess important information that will help me tremendously, I shall be in debt to you, Especially if have have killed 
   "I can trust you, because from now on you're an enemy to the Empire and Targowica. {s0}.

- I cannot, he is of value to me.
- He's yours.

- Very well, let us travel then.
- What was your goal in Vienna then?
   
   
 
   I cannot, he is of value to me..
   If it so, he's your my lord. 
   
Splendid, smart choice, I thank you once again.
   
If it is so, your choice, guard him well though, he knows many things.

  Very well, let us travel.
  What was your goal in Vienna then?
   

With my pleasure, let us travel then.


What was your goal in Vienna then?
You shall soon find out, but now it is best that we disappear quickly.

Don't kill me, I have got important information! In exchange for then you shall let me free. 

   
- Vengeance demands blood. 
- Surrender.
   
   Very well, drop you weapons, and surrender.
   
With your blood I shall wash away your insult.
   

I have family, money, they will pay you back well for me! !
   
Insult is an Insult. 
   
I know your kind, for you there's no mercy!
   
You are my prisoner.

   
Very well, insult is one, and empty pocket is other thing, we shall reach and agreement. 

Now give me the keys. Be quick now and do not think about escaping... Besides there's nowhere for you to run.
   
What do you want, cant you see that the tavern is closed?

And who are you, to give me orders?
   
You wont go, then we shall teach you respect you bastard, besides You have seen to much already.

I am terribly sorry, I shall disappear at once. 