Character creation
Didaskalia
Decisions
Text
Wst?p
In the current version of the game, it is only possible to play as a Male.
It is the year of our Lord 1794, and yet again the Europe finds itself in a state of great unrest. With the splendid victories of French and American revolutions, a severe blow was struck to the authority of monarchy. Thus the grasp it had held over people was noticeably weakened, much to the tyrants’dismay. In spite of their personal strife, the monarchs unite in a desperate attempt to extinguish the flames of freedom set throughout the Old World.
Their first victim to be: the Commonwealth.

Once a great European power, the Most Serene Commonwealth of Poland and Lithuania became famous for introducing the fresh ideas of freedom  and democracy, setting a bright example for the rest of mankind. Thus the tyrants, bitter and hateful , spared no efforts to see the Commonwealth doomed, and its people extinct. By the aforementioned 1794 AD they succeeded so far as to reduce the once vast and proud kingdom into a small puppet state ruled by the handful of traitors and corrupt officials. Even so the monarchs would not rest, as long as any trace of its former glory persisted.
As the dark clouds gather over Poland and Lithuania, the adventurers rush its borders seizing chance at better fortune. Be it veterans of revolutionary wars, or simply war mongrels, heroes or bandits, all are being driven by the desire to take part in arising conflict whichever the side. Among them there is an exceptional man…

Continued



Origin

Dark clouds have gathered over Poland, mobs of fortune seeker's have come to her borders, seeking to exploit current state of affairs in the the Republic, whether they are veterans of  revolutionary battles or whether simple dogs of war, heroes or rascal's, they were all taken by their will to take part in the war that looms over the Commonwealth, no matter on which side. Among them, there was a very unusual and special man. Not much is known where he has come from, but it appears he hath come from lands that previously belonged to Poland or her old vassal states, that is...
Crown
Lithuania
Kievian Rus
External territories
Crown
…From the lands of the Crown, that is Kingdom of Poland. I believe so, because the liveliness of his spirit was a sign of deep feeling towards virtues such as faith, honour and love towards one's own Homeland. He hath a very fond opinion about himself and demanded respect from others . He valued the art of leading disputes and conflicts, carefully using and choosing the right words and terms, and if necessary he hath used it as a tool of war. In such spirit the youth was being raised in provinces of : Ma?opolska, Wielkopolska and Mazowsze. 
Lithuania 
…From the lands of Lithuania, that is Grand Duchy of Lithuania. And I believe so, as he was always a free and an uneasy spirit, and above all he loved the wild eastern lands of the Commonwealth. Wherever he found himself, he lived in harmony with nature and possessed a deep understanding of nature. The world haven’t seen a greater poet nor a better hunter. Peaceful and friendly from birth, always surrounded by friends no matter where he found himself. Such people were born in Lithuania during those times.

Kievian Rus
…From the lands of what was once the Kievian Rus, which became part of the Commonwealth during Poland’s golden ages. And i believe so, as he was a man of kind and welcoming nature, from life he was taking whatever it had to offer to him. He experienced many whims of fate throughout his life and he had taken a lesson from his experiences. He was a great companion, both in the field of battle and during feasts, in anger he was furious and unforgiving. He cherished the nature and in the past he had crossed unending plains, which rightfully to this day inspire the greatest poets. 
External Territories
… That is from the lands bordering with the lands of the Commonwealth, lands that had close relations with the Commonwealth as a result of unions, trubutes and alliances. I believe so as he was a man of cold nature always calculating what’s ahead of him, despite this he was a welcomed and desired guest due to this numerous talents. He had a great and deep understanding of all sorts of trades and science, artillery, discipline, firearms and all sorts of melee weapons, but also the current fashion and the customs of many European countries. He obtained his unusual skills during his travels across the old continent, such was his discretion that it is unknown whether he had come from the lands to the north-east also known as Inflants, or north-west also known as Pommerania or whether the lands of Saxony. 
Continuation of the above text’s
That’s what I can say about him, with confidence to the truthfulness of my judgement , concerning his birth, he was…
Birth 
Lower strata noble
Rich Freeman (Townsman)
Unknown birth
Lower strata Noble
…descendant of lower class nobility. I believe so as there’s clear and obvious sings that his birth hath opened many paths to him, which for an unwealthy person would have remained closed or simply impasible otherwise. By that he had lead a life full of duties and responsibilities, unpleasantly unbearable for a simple man 
Rich Freeman (Townsman)
…descendant of a rich townsman . I believe so as although thanks to his wealth he was able to achieve many things, which were nor possible nor available to a man of inferior birth. Through his entire life he had to face slandering and defamation , which mostly where being told behind his very own back .
Unknown birth
… Man of unknown birth. I believe so as any evidence of noble birth where either unexistant or not based on facts that a man can believe. His position in life he had achieved through cunningness and strength, that is every man who had meet him never dared to offend him in fear of vengeance. One is being lead to agree with confidence that his roots where, as to say from  Liber Chamorum.
Continuation of the above text’s
That is enough about that, let us say few things about his political beliefs . From start he was a.. 
Political Beliefs 
Royalist 
Democrat 
Egoist 
Royalist 
…Royalist, which I must say with sorrow. Good for nothing bastard hath no respect for the mighty traditions and great ideals and he was blind to see and witness the changes that were taking place throughout the old continent. Maybe or maybe not he hath proven to be of great opportunist spirit which had allowed him to ally himself with the stronger. 
Democrat
…Lover of freedom, which I  say with great admiration. Noble this man have remained loyal to the values of his forefathers. Having remained true to the Golden Liberty of nobility, he wished also to move even further with such ideals, I believe he wished to enlighten the lower classes and slowly increase the rights of Everyman in the Commonwealth. 
Egoist
… A selfish man, which I say with embarrassment. Indeed he did not care for the faith of other countries nor nations, it did not matter to him which side he chooses nor did it ever bothered him, what mattered to him was the best way to fill his pockets with gold. His own interest were above the interest of the state, though this was common sight among the population in this Poor country which most certinaly brought doom upon her 
Continuation of the above text’s
That's what I can say about that man. But it is worth mentioning what he was before the storm came over Homeland, at the door step of war. He was a... 
Education 
Cadet
Revolutionary
Student
Priest
Kadet
…A cadet in a Officer Academy. Just as it was expected of a man of such social standing, having reached the right age he traveled to Military Academy where he was to receive finest military training. There he developed and practised his skills as a military leader and fine strategist to one day take his position which rightfully belonged to him. Along with fame and glory, money and romances where surely to follow, things that each young man can't never have to much of.
Revoltunary
…A fighter for a cause. A result of coincidences which his life brought upon him having lead him through very narrow and treacherous path.  He was harmed, pushed into becoming the margin of the society, despite this he did not loose faith justice. He was overwhelmed with compassion, but not humility and he was engulfed by the rightcheous feeling of anger. He believed that each man deserves a good life, and if there's no other way he has to remind people of these ideals with the use of force. He became a Revolutionary and the entire world was to know his Name. 
 
Student
… A man of science in training.  Just as it is expected a young person of mighty and bight mind. He went on a journey to all European Universities, to learn the secrets of science and natural philosophy. There with attention he listen to the lectures and studied books in hope that the wisdom of the wise man that came before him is infectious and will take him like a veneric disease. Speaking of the veneric diesies he was always careful, only to know married women whom always stayed away from orgies.

Priest
… Cleric awaiting the blessing. Whether of actual call or common greed. During his youth he decided to throw away the world of violence and pains. He entered a spiritual seminary to prepare him in the role of a priest. Soon his life was focused on the needs and sins of others, for which he thanked God and prayed so that the same doesn't happen to him. To late though, the faith had different plans and even though the cause for which he joined the seminary is a secret, his future was to hold him at a crossroads between  sacrum and profanum.

Ride forth into the Adventure!





